1.67.0 (#4324)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/releases/v1-67-0.mdx

---
version: "1.67.0"
date: 2026-06-01
description: "FusionAuth 1.67.0 adds support for RFC 8707, improvements to the generic messenger, and a smattering of bug fixes."
---
import Item from 'src/components/docs/release-notes/ReleaseNotesItem.astro';
import Breadcrumb from 'src/components/Breadcrumb.astro';

<Item category="new-feature" issue="1767">

> Added support for [RFC 8707](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8707), which introduces resource scoping for tokens produced by [OAuth endpoints](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints). Use the `authorizedResourceUris` field to configure a list of valid resources in an application. Then, when creating a token, specify scopes for a token using the `resource` parameter. To see the resource scoping for a token, check the `metaData.resources` field of the token. This solves a safety flaw in OAuth 2.0 workflows where security tokens could be stolen and misused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for [RFC 8707](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8707), which introduces resource scoping for tokens produced by [OAuth endpoints](/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints). Use the `authorizedResourceUris` field to configure a list of valid resources in an application. Then, when using the [Authorization Code Grant flow](/articles/login-authentication-workflows/webapp/oauth-authorization-code-grant-sessions-refresh-tokens-cookies), specify resources for a token using the `resource` parameter. To see the resource scoping for a token, check the `aud` claim of the token.
```

I think this needed some rework. Check out my suggestion @ucatbas and @mooreds .

Author: Much better! Appreciate the link especially.

Reviewer 2: i agree, the last suggestion and the word scopes should have been replaced

Author: replaced with what?

Author: It might be easier for you to make your own suggestion since we don't have much time for back-and-forth before release.

Author: Shipping this in 5; let me know if you'd like me to tweak the wording in a follow-up PR, @ucatbas .
